The script bom-ex.ulp was used to generate the BOM.

Files:
-----
lp-servo12_MouserOrder.txt - this file contains just quantities and mouser
part numbers

lp-servo12_GenericPartsOrder.txt - this file contains all of the BOM columns
that are produced by the bom-ex script, many of which are not useful.  This is
a tab-delimited file and you should be able to open it in a spreadsheet where
you can manipulate the columns to organize the data how you like.

bomex-partsdb.numbers - the original spreadsheet used to create the partsdb
used by bom-ex.

bomex-partsdb.txt - the partsdb from the spreadsheet, pasted into a text file.
This is the format needed by bom-ex.

Column meanings:
----------------
Mfg Part Num - this is actually the schematic attribute PARTNO and does not
necessarily represent the actual manufacturers part number.

Mfg Name - the name of the manufacturer of the part.  Of course for resistors
and capacitors, many manufacturers could be used.

VID - this is how bom-ex indicates the vendor - in this case ME means Mouser

Vendor Part Num - the actual part number to use for ordering from the vendor,
in this case Mouser

Description - a description of the part that is in the Vendor Part Num column

Customer Ref - not meaningful

Qty-1 - the number of parts to order for one board

Qty-5/Qty-25 - indicating number of parts to order for bulk orders (not used)

Part References - the schematic references for the parts

Value - the part value (if any) taken from the schematic

OTHER NOTES:
-----------
The 0.1in headers to not need to be ordered as discrete parts as shown in the
BOM list.  You can order the large length breakaway headers and cut them to the
length you ned.

The KK-156 battery connector (X1) could also be ordered as a kit that includes
the board header and the wire side housing and pins.  There is a kit for this,
p/n 76650-02208.  See also molexkits.com

The KK-156 (X1) connector specified is right angle but this could be replaced with
a straight connector instead.

The header J10 is optional.  This is not needed if you are not going to power
the launchpad separately from the servos.  Likewise JP1 does not need to be
populated if you want to keep the servo and launchpad supplies separate.

